MUNI Tech Writers: Timeout with retry in loops documentation (#1416)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_loops.rst

      delay: 1
      until: "uri_output.status == 200"

> Retrying a task with timeout

Reviewer: I'd just make this a note rather than a subsection.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When you use ``timeout`` in a loop, it applies per retry attempt. See :ref:`TASK_TIMEOUT <TASK_TIMEOUT>` for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use the ``timeout`` keyword in a loop, it applies to each attempt of the task action. See :ref:`TASK_TIMEOUT <TASK_TIMEOUT>` for more details.
```

> If the task action execution exceeds the ``timeout``, the retry process is stopped.

Reviewer: I'd say remove this because it is explained clearly in the `TASK_TIMEOUT` link in the preceding sentence.
